                                                                                         February 20, 2026




                                           NOTICE OF SALE


                        VIRGINIA HOUSING DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY

                                               $17,860,000*

                                          Rental Housing Bonds

                                   $17,860,000* 2026 Series A-Non-AMT

        The Rental Housing Bonds, 2026 Series A-Non-AMT (the “Offered Bonds”) are being sold as
indicated in this Notice of Sale and are expected to be available for delivery on March 19, 2026 (such date,
as may be changed as described herein, is referred to as the “Settlement Date”).

        Electronic bids, via S&P Global Market Intelligence’s Parity electronic bid submission system
(the “Bidding System”) for the purchase of the entire amount of the Offered Bonds, at a price equal to 100%
of each maturity and the aggregate principal amount of the Offered Bonds, will be received by the Virginia
Housing Development Authority (the “Authority”) until 11:00 a.m., NEW YORK, NEW YORK TIME, on
Thursday, March 5, 2026 (unless changed as described herein). Such time and date for receipt of bids, as
may be so changed, are referred to herein as the “Bid Time” and “Bid Date,” respectively.

       The winning bid will be designated prior to 4:00 p.m., NEW YORK, NEW YORK TIME, on the
Bid Date.

         The Offered Bonds are expected to be issued by the Authority on the Settlement Date, pursuant to
the Current Resolution as defined in the Preliminary Official Statement dated February 20, 2026, as it may
be amended prior to 4:00 p.m. New York, New York time on March 4, 2026 (the “Preliminary Official
Statement”). This Notice of Sale, the Preliminary Official Statement and the preliminary Blue Sky
Memorandum for the Offered Bonds are being distributed to potential bidders by the Authority
electronically through the Bidding System and are available on the Internet at www.i-dealprospectus.com/.
At the time of issuance of the Offered Bonds, the approving legal opinion of Hawkins Delafield & Wood
LLP, New York, New York, as bond counsel to the Authority (“Bond Counsel”), which will include an
opinion as to certain tax matters, will be delivered for the Offered Bonds.

        In the opinion of Bond Counsel, under existing statutes and court decisions and assuming
continuing compliance with certain tax covenants, (i) interest on the Offered Bonds is excluded from
gross income for federal income tax purposes pursuant to Section 103 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) except that no opinion is expressed as to the exclusion from gross
income of interest on any Offered Bond for any period during which the Offered Bond is held by a
person who, within the meaning of Section 147(a) of the Code, is a “substantial user” of the facilities
financed with the proceeds of the Offered Bonds or a “related person”, and (ii) interest on the Offered
Bonds is not treated as a preference item in calculating the alternative minimum tax under the Code,
however, interest on the Offered Bonds is included in the “adjusted financial statement income” of
certain corporations that are subject to the alternative minimum tax under Section 55 of the Code.
See “Tax Matters” in the Preliminary Official Statement.

____________________
*Preliminary, subject to change.
        Under the Virginia Housing Development Authority Act, income on the Offered Bonds,
including any profit made on the sale thereof, is not included in taxable income for purposes of
income taxation by the Commonwealth of Virginia and by the municipalities and all other political
subdivisions of the Commonwealth of Virginia.

Maturity Schedule

         The principal of the Offered Bonds will be due (subject to the right of prior redemption as set forth
in the Preliminary Official Statement) on the dates and in the amounts, respectively, set forth in Appendix
A.

Revised Maturity Schedule

        The specified principal amounts (the “Preliminary Principal Amounts”) as set forth in Appendix A
may be revised before the Bid Time on the Bid Date. NOTICE OF ANY SUCH REVISIONS (THE
“REVISED PRINCIPAL AMOUNTS”) WILL BE GIVEN IN ACCORDANCE WITH “AMENDMENTS
TO THIS NOTICE OF SALE” BELOW. In the event that no such revisions are made, bidders shall submit
bids based on the Preliminary Principal Amounts. In the event any such revisions are made, bidders shall
submit bids based on the applicable Revised Principal Amounts.

Changes to Revised Maturity Schedule Prior to Award

         The Authority reserves the right, after bids are opened and prior to award, to increase or reduce the
principal amount of the Offered Bonds offered for sale in an amount not to exceed five percent (5%) of the
principal amount of the Offered Bonds as such principal amount may be amended pursuant to the preceding
paragraph. Any such increase or reduction will be made in integral multiples of $5,000 in each of the
maturities (to the extent possible) and will be approximately proportional to the ratio that each such maturity
bears to the total principal amount of the Offered Bonds prior to any such increase or decrease. Such
changes, if any, will be designated the “Final Principal Amounts”. THE SUCCESSFUL BIDDER MAY
NOT WITHDRAW ITS BID OR CHANGE THE INTEREST RATES BID AS A RESULT OF ANY
SUCH CHANGES MADE TO THE PRELIMINARY PRINCIPAL AMOUNTS OR REVISED
PRINCIPAL AMOUNTS. The dollar amount bid by the successful bidder will be adjusted to reflect the
sum of the Final Principal Amounts of the Offered Bonds. The underwriting fee designated in the successful
bidder’s bid shall be adjusted so that the per $1,000 of par amount of Offered Bonds underwriting fee shall
be the same as the per $1,000 of par amount of Offered Bonds underwriting fee set forth in the successful
bidder’s bid. The interest rates specified by the successful bidder for the various maturities of the Offered
Bonds will not change. The Authority anticipates that the Final Principal Amounts of the Offered Bonds
will be communicated to the successful bidder as soon as possible, but no later than 4:00 p.m., NEW YORK,
NEW YORK TIME, on the Bid Date.

Term Bond Option

         The successful bidder may designate two or more of the consecutive serial maturities for which the
interest rate is the same as sinking fund installments of a term bond maturity equal in aggregate principal
amount, and with amortization requirements corresponding to such designated serial maturities.

Electronic Bidding and Bidding Procedures

Registration to Bid

        All prospective bidders must be contracted customers of the Bidding System. If any prospective
bidder does not have a contract with the Bidding System, such bidder should call S&P Global Market
                                                                                                             2
Intelligence at (212) 849-5021 to become a customer. By submitting a bid for the Offered Bonds, a
prospective bidder represents and warrants to the Authority that such bidder’s bid for the purchase of the
Offered Bonds (if a bid is submitted in connection with the sale) is submitted for and on behalf of such
prospective bidder by an officer or agent who is duly authorized to bind the prospective bidder to a legal,
valid and enforceable contract for the purchase of the Offered Bonds. By contracting with the Bidding
System a prospective bidder is not obligated to submit a bid in connection with the sale.

        IF ANY PROVISIONS OF THIS NOTICE OF SALE SHALL CONFLICT WITH
INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE BIDDING SYSTEM, THIS NOTICE OF SALE, AS IT
MAY BE AMENDED BY THE AUTHORITY AS DESCRIBED HEREIN, SHALL CONTROL.
Further information about the Bidding System, including any fee charged, is available by calling S&P
Global Market Intelligence at (212) 849-5021.

Bidding Procedures

       Bids must be submitted electronically via the Bidding System by the Bid Time on the Bid Date.
Bids must conform in all respects to the provisions of this Notice of Sale, except for the changes, if any,
made by the Authority as described herein.

         Prior to the Bid Time on the Bid Date, a prospective bidder may input and save the proposed terms
of its bid in the Bidding System. Once the final bid has been saved in the Bidding System, the bidder may
select the final bid button in the Bidding System to submit the bid to the Bidding System. Once the bids are
communicated to the Authority electronically via the Bidding System, each bid will constitute an
irrevocable offer to purchase the Offered Bonds on the terms therein provided. For purposes of the
electronic bidding process, the time as maintained on the Bidding System shall constitute the official time.

        No bids will be accepted in written form, by facsimile transmission or in any other medium or on
any system other than by means of the Bidding System. No bid will be accepted after the Bid Time on the
Bid Date.

Bid Specifications

         Bidders shall specify the rates of interest to be borne by the Offered Bonds which may be repeated,
provided that: (i) each Offered Bond shall accrue interest from the Settlement Date to its stated maturity
date at the interest rate specified in the bid; (ii) all Offered Bonds of the same maturity shall bear the same
single rate of interest; and (iii) no bid will be accepted which has any capital appreciation bonds, zero
coupon bonds, supplemental coupon bonds or split coupon bonds or which contemplates any other
concession. All bids for the Offered Bonds shall be for the full principal amount thereof and shall be
at a price equal to 100% of each maturity and the aggregate principal amount thereof. No bid for the
Offered Bonds will be accepted which varies from the terms described in this Notice of Sale.

         The purchase price in the amount specified on the Bidding System is to be paid by the successful
bidder at the delivery of the Offered Bonds. Each bidder for the Offered Bonds shall specify an underwriting
fee of not more than $173,587.50 which underwriting fee will be paid upon delivery of the Offered Bonds.
The underwriting fee shall be treated as a discount for the purpose of calculating the True Interest Cost as
described below. Simultaneously with delivery of the Offered Bonds, payment of the amount due (purchase
price less the Deposit amount as defined below) must be made by the successful bidder in immediately
available funds via the Fedwire Funds Service to the Authority or its designee without additional cost.




                                                                                                             3
Disclaimer

         Each prospective bidder shall be solely responsible to register to bid via the Bidding System and to
make necessary arrangements to access the Bidding System for purposes of submitting its bid in a timely
manner and in compliance with the requirements of this Notice of Sale. Neither the Authority nor the
Bidding System shall have any duty or obligation to undertake such registration to bid for any prospective
bidder or to provide or assure such access to any prospective bidder, and neither the Authority nor the
Bidding System shall be responsible for a bidder’s failure to register to bid or for proper operation of, or
have any liability for any delays or interruptions of, or any damages caused by, the Bidding System. The
Authority is using the Bidding System as a communication mechanism, and not as the Authority’s agent,
to conduct the electronic bidding for the Offered Bonds. The Authority is not bound by any advice and
determination of the Bidding System to the effect that any particular bid complies with the terms of this
Notice of Sale and in particular the “Bid Specifications” set forth above. All costs and expenses incurred
by a prospective bidder in connection with its registration and submission of bids via the Bidding System
are the sole responsibility of the bidder; and the Authority is not responsible, directly or indirectly, for any
of such costs or expenses. If a prospective bidder encounters any difficulty in registering to bid or
submitting, modifying or withdrawing a bid for the Offered Bonds, it should telephone S&P Global Market
Intelligence     at    (212)       849-5021      and    notify      the     Authority      by     e-mail      to
CapitalMarkets@VirginiaHousing.com.

Award of the Offered Bonds

         Subject to the Authority’s right to amend the terms of this Notice of Sale, to reject any or all bids
for any reason, and to waive any irregularity, the Offered Bonds will be awarded to the bidder whose bid
produces the lowest true interest cost (the “True Interest Cost”) for the Offered Bonds. The winning bid
will be designated as soon as possible but not later than 4:00 p.m., NEW YORK, NEW YORK TIME, on
the Bid Date. The True Interest Cost (expressed as an annual interest rate with semi-annual compounding)
will be determined as the interest rate which, when discounting each semi-annual debt service payment
(interest, or principal and interest, as due, including any mandatory sinking fund installment payment)
therefor, will cause the sum of such discounted semi-annual payments to be equal to the purchase price
thereof less the underwriting fee. The True Interest Cost shall be calculated from the Settlement Date. In
the event of a tie, the Authority may select the successful bidder in such manner as the Authority shall deem
appropriate.

       In the event that all of the bids for the Offered Bonds are rejected, the Authority reserves the right
to award the Offered Bonds to a purchaser or purchasers on a negotiated basis, which purchaser or
purchasers may or may not have submitted a bid in response to this Notice of Sale.

Good Faith Deposit

        After the Bid Time on the Bid Date and prior to the designation by the Authority of the successful
bidder for the Offered Bonds, the apparent successful bidder for the Offered Bonds indicated on the Bidding
System must submit a good faith deposit for $357,200 to the Authority by wire transfer. Such good faith
deposit for the Offered Bonds is referred to herein as the “Deposit”.

        The award to the apparent successful bidder for the Offered Bonds is contingent upon receipt of
the Deposit, and the Offered Bonds will not be awarded to such bidder until the Authority has confirmation
of receipt of the Deposit. The Deposit will be credited against the purchase price for the Offered Bonds
payable by the successful bidder for the Offered Bonds and held as security for the performance of its bid.
The Deposit will be invested by the Authority for its own account and no interest or other earnings thereon
will be paid to the successful bidder or credited against the purchase price for the Offered Bonds. In the

                                                                                                              4
event the successful bidder shall fail to comply with the terms of its bid, the proceeds of the Deposit and
any investment income thereon will be retained by the Authority as and for full liquidated damages.

        In the event that the Authority shall fail to perform its obligations to deliver the Offered Bonds in
accordance with the terms hereof (other than as permitted pursuant to the prior paragraph), the Authority
shall immediately return the amount of the Deposit to the successful bidder for the Offered Bonds plus
liquidated damages in an amount equal to one tenth of one percent (.10%) of the Deposit, and the Authority
shall not have any further obligation or liability.

Undertakings of the Successful Bidder

        Simultaneously with or before delivery of the Offered Bonds, the successful bidder for the
Offered Bonds shall execute a certificate (the “Offering Price Certificate”) with respect to the Offered
Bonds in the form attached to this Notice of Sale as Appendix B, with only such changes as have been
accepted by the Authority and Bond Counsel. The Initial Offering Price (as defined in the attached
form of Offering Price Certificate) of each Offered Bond serial maturity and term bond maturity (as
set forth in the successful bidder’s bid) to be specified by the successful bidder in its Offering Price
Certificate shall be 100% of the principal amount of such maturity.

        The successful bidder for the Offered Bonds also shall be obligated to furnish to the Authority,
when and if requested, prior to the delivery of the Offered Bonds, such further information requested by
the Authority or Bond Counsel as shall be necessary to enable the Authority to determine the “issue price”
of the Offered Bonds as defined in 26 CFR § 1.148-1(f) (the “Issue Price Regulations”).

         In submitting a bid, each bidder is certifying that its bid is a bona fide good faith bid, and is not a
“courtesy bid” being submitted for the purpose of assisting in meeting the requirements of the definition of
“competitive sale” in the Issue Price Regulations, including the requirement that bids be received from at
least three underwriters of municipal bonds who have established industry reputations for underwriting new
issuances of municipal bonds (“Experienced Underwriters”).

         In the event the Authority receives less than three bids for the Offered Bonds from Experienced
Underwriters the successful bidder shall have the right to withdraw its bid and to be relieved of any
obligations with regard to the Offered Bonds. This right does not limit the Authority’s right to reject any or
all bids for any reason.

       The successful bidder agrees not to publish any “tombstone” or other advertisement for the Offered
Bonds without the prior approval of the Authority.

         If the successful bidder with respect to the Offered Bonds or any affiliate of such successful bidder
transfers, sells or disposes of the Offered Bonds, or any interest in the Offered Bonds, including depositing
the Offered Bonds, or an interest therein, in a fund or trust or otherwise participates in offering to a
purchaser any derivative products (e.g., a tender option product) with respect to the initial offering of the
Offered Bonds, either (a) such transfer of any interest in the Offered Bonds will not occur within 60 days
from the date thereof during which time the Offered Bonds will be held exclusively for its own account and
not subject to contractual arrangement for such transfer, or (b) such transfer, deposit or disposition,
including into a fund or trust, will result in obligations with characteristics substantially and materially
different from those of the Offered Bonds, unless Bond Counsel provides a written opinion that the failure
to provide such period will not adversely affect the exclusion from gross income of interest on the Offered
Bonds.



                                                                                                              5
        If the successful bidder purchases insurance on all or any portion of the Offered Bonds, the
successful bidder shall disclose such purchase and the amount of the premium paid for such insurance to
the Authority prior to the Settlement Date. The Authority will not amend its usual and customary certificates
and legal opinions, the Offered Bonds or the Official Statement to reflect the purchase of insurance on any
of the Offered Bonds by the successful bidder.

Delivery

         The Offered Bonds will be initially issued and may be purchased only in book-entry form through
the facilities of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), New York, New York, to which payment of
principal and interest will be made. Beneficial owners of the Offered Bonds will not receive certificates
representing their ownership interest in the Offered Bonds. The Offered Bonds will be delivered on the
Settlement Date at 10:00 a.m. NEW YORK, NEW YORK TIME to the facilities of DTC or its agent or at
such other place or on such earlier or later date or time as the successful bidder for the Offered Bonds and
the Authority shall agree. The successful bidder for the Offered Bonds shall take any and all actions
necessary in order to enable DTC to accept delivery of the Offered Bonds and any failure to take such action
shall not constitute cause for a failure or refusal to accept delivery of and make payment for the Offered
Bonds.

Official Statement

        Certain terms of the Offered Bonds are described in the Preliminary Official Statement. The
Preliminary Official Statement and the information contained therein have been deemed final as of the date
of the Preliminary Official Statement by the Authority with omissions permitted by Rule 15c2-12
promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (“Rule 15c2-12”), but are subject to completion and amendment in a final Official
Statement.

        The Official Statement, as of its date, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they will be made, not misleading. If an event affecting the Authority occurs subsequent to the date
of the Official Statement and prior to the Settlement Date which should be disclosed therein for the purpose
for which it is to be used or which it is necessary to disclose therein in order to make the statements and
information therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in any
material respect, the Authority will notify the successful bidder of such event prior to the Settlement Date.

         On the Settlement Date, the Authority will deliver to the successful bidder an officer’s certificate
stating that the Official Statement, as of its date and on the Settlement Date, does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

       The Authority will deliver the final Official Statement electronically to the successful bidder within
seven business days after the day on which the winning bid is designated.

         The Authority, at its expense, will make available to the successful bidder up to the number of
copies of the final Official Statement set forth in “Other” below. Additional copies can be obtained from
the printer at the expense of the successful bidder.

Continuing Disclosure

        In order to assist bidders in complying with SEC Rule 15c2-12(b)(5), the Authority will undertake
for the benefit of the holders and beneficial owners of the Offered Bonds pursuant to a Continuing
                                                                                                           6
Disclosure Agreement between the Authority and the Trustee dated April 6, 1999, as amended (the
Continuing Disclosure Agreement, as amended, is referred to herein as the “Agreement”), to provide annual
reports and notices of certain events. A description of this undertaking is set forth in the Preliminary Official
Statement and will also be set forth in the final Official Statement. The obligations of the successful bidder
for the Offered Bonds to purchase the Offered Bonds shall be conditioned upon their receiving, on or prior
to the Settlement Date, evidence that the Offered Bonds to be purchased are subject to the Agreement.
Copies of the Agreement will be made available to bidders upon request.

Ratings

        S&P Global Ratings, a division of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, is expected to assign
the Offered Bonds the rating “AA+” and Moody’s Ratings is expected to assign the Offered Bonds the
rating “Aa1”. Such ratings, if given, reflect only the views of such organizations at the time such ratings
are issued and an explanation of the significance of the ratings may be obtained from such organizations.
There is no assurance that such ratings will continue for any given period of time or that they will not be
revised downward, withdrawn or suspended entirely by such rating agencies if, in their judgment,
circumstances so warrant. Any downward revision, withdrawal or suspension of ratings can be expected to
have an adverse effect on the market price of the Offered Bonds. The successful bidder’s obligation to
purchase the Offered Bonds is subject to the condition that such rating agencies shall have assigned
the above mentioned ratings to the Offered Bonds prior to the Settlement Date and that neither rating
agency shall have lowered, withdrawn or suspended its rating prior to the Settlement Date.

CUSIP Numbers

        The successful bidder shall apply for CUSIP numbers with respect to the Offered Bonds and shall
be responsible for the costs associated with the assignment of such CUSIP numbers. The Authority will
assume no obligation for the assignment or printing of such numbers on the Offered Bonds or for the
correctness of such numbers, and neither the failure to print such numbers on any Offered Bond nor any
error with respect thereto shall constitute cause for a failure or refusal by the successful bidder thereof to
accept delivery of and make payment for the Offered Bonds.

Not an Offer to Sell

         This Notice of Sale does not alone constitute an offer to sell the Offered Bonds, but is merely notice
of the sale of the Offered Bonds. The offer to sell the Offered Bonds is being made by means of this Notice
of Sale, including any amendments hereto announced via the Bidding System, and the Preliminary Official
Statement. Prospective bidders are urged to carefully examine the Preliminary Official Statement for
information regarding the Offered Bonds.

Amendments to this Notice of Sale

        The Authority reserves the right to amend, from time to time, the terms of this Notice of Sale,
including, but not limited to, the Preliminary Principal Amounts, Settlement Date, the Bid Time and/or the
Bid Date. Any amendment to this Notice of Sale will be announced via the Bidding System not later than
4:00 p.m., NEW YORK, NEW YORK TIME, on or before the business day prior to the most recently
announced Bid Date.

Other

        The Authority shall be responsible for all expenses associated with the printing and delivery to the
successful bidder of up to 50 copies of the final Official Statement, fees and disbursements of Bond
Counsel, fees of rating agencies and securities depositories, and fees associated with the preparation and
                                                                                                               7
delivery of the preliminary and final Blue Sky Memorandum. No other expenses (including the expense
associated with underwriter’s counsel, if any, and the assignment of CUSIP numbers) shall be paid by the
Authority.

         Bond Counsel shall provide a preliminary and final Blue Sky Memorandum and a supplemental
opinion addressed to the successful bidder that (a) with certain exceptions, statements in the Official
Statement that purport to summarize certain provisions of the Offered Bonds, the Current Resolution, the
applicable Bond Limitations Resolution and Written Determinations for the Offered Bonds, and the
Continuing Disclosure Agreement (as such terms are defined in the Official Statement), or the law,
including the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, present a fair summary of such provisions and
(b) the Offered Bonds are not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and the Current Resolution, the applicable Bond Limitations Resolution and Written
Determinations for the Offered Bonds are exempt from qualification pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act of
1939, as amended. Bond Counsel shall also provide to the successful bidder a letter stating that, subject to
the limitations expressed therein, Bond Counsel advises (as a matter of fact and not legal opinion) that no
facts came to the attention of the attorneys in such firm rendering legal services to the Authority in
connection with the issuance of the Offered Bonds that caused them to believe that the final Official
Statement, as of the date thereof or as of the Settlement Date, contained or contains any untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except that such
statement will not address certain information in the Official Statement including, but not limited to,
financial information and certain expressions of opinion contained in the Official Statement. The
Authority’s Chief Counsel or Deputy Chief Counsel shall provide an opinion to the effect that, based upon
the examination which he has made as Chief Counsel or Deputy Chief Counsel, and without having
undertaken to determine independently the accuracy and completeness of the statements contained in the
final Official Statement, nothing has come to his attention which would lead him to believe that the final
Official Statement as of the date thereof and on the Settlement Date contains any untrue statement of a
material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in
light of circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except that he shall not express any
opinion with respect to financial statements and other financial and statistical data included in the final
Official Statement and information in the final Official Statement with respect to DTC or the description
of the book-entry system of DTC.

         On the Settlement Date, the Authority shall deliver to the successful bidder for the Offered Bonds
the usual and customary certificates for its Rental Housing Bonds given such successful bidders. The
successful bidder for the Offered Bonds will be required to execute a receipt for the Offered Bonds and for
all documents and opinions required to be furnished to it pursuant to this Notice of Sale. The receipt will
be required to be delivered in escrow to the Authority on the day prior to the Settlement Date and will be
released from escrow upon completion of the purchase of the Offered Bonds in accordance with this Notice
of Sale.

         The successful bidder will not offer or sell, or solicit any offer to buy, the Offered Bonds in any
jurisdiction where it is unlawful for such successful bidder to make such offer, solicitation or sale.

Additional Information and Copies

       Bidders who have any questions concerning these bid requirements should e-mail
CapitalMarkets@VirginiaHousing.com or call Heather Richey at (804) 343-5647, Alex Gambale at (804)
343-5848 or Joe Feaser at (804) 343-5831.



                                                                                                          8
                                                                         APPENDIX A

                                   $17,860,000* 2026 Series A-Non-AMT
                                       Preliminary Maturity Schedule*

                                     Maturity Date
                                      (March 1)       Principal Amount
                                         2029              $170,000
                                         2030               175,000
                                         2031             2,180,000
                                         2032               180,000
                                         2033               185,000
                                         2034               195,000
                                         2035               200,000
                                         2036               205,000
                                         2037               215,000
                                         2038               220,000
                                         2039               230,000
                                         2040               235,000
                                         2041               245,000
                                         2042               255,000
                                         2043               265,000
                                         2044               275,000
                                         2045               290,000
                                         2046               300,000
                                         2047               315,000
                                         2048               330,000
                                         2049               345,000
                                         2050               360,000
                                         2051               380,000
                                         2052               400,000
                                         2053               415,000
                                         2054               435,000
                                         2055               455,000
                                         2056               480,000
                                         2057               500,000
                                         2058               525,000
                                         2059               550,000
                                         2060               580,000
                                         2061               605,000
                                         2062               635,000
                                         2063               665,000
                                         2064               700,000
                                         2065               735,000
                                         2066               770,000
                                         2067               810,000
                                         2068               850,000
                                                        $17,860,000

*Preliminary, subject to change.


                                                                                  9
                                                                                               APPENDIX B


                                       $______________
                       VIRGINIA HOUSING DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
                                 RENTAL HOUSING BONDS
                                  2026 SERIES A-NON-AMT

                                 OFFERING PRICE CERTIFICATE



        ____________ (the “Successful Bidder”), in connection with the competitive sale by the Virginia
Housing Development Authority (the “Authority”) of its $_________ aggregate principal amount of Rental
Housing Bonds, 2026 Series A-Non-AMT (the “Bonds”), hereby certifies as set forth below. Capitalized
terms used but not defined elsewhere in this Certificate shall have the meanings set forth under
"Definitions," below.

                 1.        As of ______, 2026 (the “Sale Date”), the reasonably expected initial offering
prices of the Bonds to the Public by the Successful Bidder are the prices listed in Schedule A (each an
“Initial Offering Price”). The Initial Offering Prices are the prices for the Maturities of the Bonds used by
the Successful Bidder in formulating its bid to purchase the Bonds. Attached as Schedule B is a true and
correct copy of the bid provided by the Successful Bidder to purchase the Bonds.

                 2.      The Successful Bidder was not given the opportunity to review other bids prior to
submitting its bid.

                 3.      The bid submitted by the Successful Bidder constituted a firm offer to purchase
the Bonds.

                 4.      Definitions. For purposes of this certificate the following definitions apply:

                 (a)     “Maturity” shall refer to Bonds with the same maturity date, interest rate and credit
                         terms.

                 (b)     “Public” means any person (including an individual, trust, estate, partnership,
                         association, company or corporation) other than an Underwriter or a Related Party,
                         as defined below, to an Underwriter.

                 (c)     “Sale Date” means the first date on which there is a binding contract in writing for
                         the sale of a Maturity of the Bonds.

                 (d)     “Related Party” means any entity if an Underwriter and such entity are subject,
                         directly or indirectly, to (i) more than 50 percent common ownership of the voting
                         power or the total value of their stock, if both entities are corporations (including
                         direct ownership by one corporation of another), (ii) more than 50 percent common
                         ownership of their capital interests or profit interests, if both entities are
                         partnerships (including direct ownership by one partnership of another), or
                         (iii) more than 50 percent common ownership of the value of the outstanding stock
                         of the corporation or the capital interests or profit interests of the partnership, as
                                                                                                            10
                         applicable, if one entity is a corporation and the other entity is a partnership
                         (including direct ownership of the applicable stock or interests by one entity of the
                         other).

                (e)      “Underwriter” means (i) any person that agrees pursuant to a written contract to
                         participate in the initial sale of the Bonds to the Public, and (ii) any person that
                         agrees pursuant to a written contract directly or indirectly with a person described
                         in clause (i) of this definition to participate in the initial sale of the Bonds to the
                         Public, including a member of a selling group or a party to a retail distribution
                         agreement participating in the initial sale of the Bonds to the Public.

                 5.        Neither the undersigned nor any affiliate of the undersigned has participated, or
intends to participate, in offering any derivative product with respect to the Bonds.

         We understand that the representations contained herein may be relied upon by the Authority in
making certain of the representations contained in the Arbitrage Certificate executed by the Authority in
connection with the issuance of the Bonds, and we further understand that Hawkins Delafield & Wood
LLP, as bond counsel to the Authority, may rely upon this certificate, among other things, in providing an
opinion with respect to the exclusion from gross income of interest on the Bonds pursuant to Section 103
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). The undersigned is certifying only as to
facts in existence on the date hereof. Nothing herein represents the undersigned’s interpretation of any laws;
in particular the regulations under the Code, or the application of any laws to these facts.

 Dated: __________

                                                   Very truly yours,

                                                   ______________________________,


                                                   By: ___________________________
                                                       Name:
                                                       Title:




                                                                                                             11
                     Schedule A


            INITIAL OFFERING PRICES



    [Note: Initial Offering Price specified for each
Maturity must be 100% of the principal amount thereof]




                                                         12
