                                             Revised Version
                               Moody’s, S&P and KBRA Ratings Added
                                           NOTICE OF SALE
                              $204,570,000*
    THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
                             (TENNESSEE)
          GENERAL OBLIGATION IMPROVEMENT BONDS, SERIES 2026A
       Notice is hereby given that the Metropolitan Mayor of The Metropolitan Government of Nashville
and Davidson County (Tennessee) (the “Metropolitan Government”) will accept an electronic bid for the
purchase of all, but not less than all, of the Metropolitan Government’s $204,570,000* General Obligation
Improvement Bonds, Series 2026A (the “Series 2026A Bonds”) until 9:00 A.M. Central Time on
Thursday, February 19, 2026 (the “Sale Date”). The sale of all the Series 2026A Bonds on February
19, 2026, may be postponed prior to the time bids are to be received and as published on I-
dealProspectus.com. If such postponement occurs, a later public sale may be held at the hour and place
and on such date as communicated via I-dealProspectus.com upon forty-eight (48) hours’ notice.

        Electronic bids must be timely and appropriately submitted to PARITY® via the BiDCOMP
Competitive Bidding System. No other form of bid or provider of electronic bidding services will be
accepted. Such bids are to be publicly available at such time and place on said day. For purposes of the
electronic bidding process, the time as maintained by BiDCOMP/PARITY® shall constitute the official
time with respect to all bids submitted. If any provisions of this Notice of Sale conflict with information
provided by BiDCOMP/PARITY®, as the approved provider of electronic bidding services, this Notice of
Sale shall control.

         The Series 2026A Bonds will be dated the date of delivery. The interest rate or rates on the Series
2026A Bonds shall not exceed 6.00% per annum and shall be payable semi-annually on January 1 and July
1, commencing on July 1, 2026. The Series 2026A Bonds will mature on January 1 in the years 2028
through 2036, inclusive, with serial and/or term bonds and will be awarded on the Sale Date by the
Metropolitan Mayor to the bidder whose bid results in the lowest true interest cost to the Metropolitan
Government for the Series 2026A Bonds. The Series 2026A Bonds are not subject to optional redemption
prior to maturity. See “Bidding Parameters Table” herein.

        After receipt and opening the bids, the Metropolitan Government reserves the right to increase or
decrease the aggregate and annual principal amounts of each maturity of the Series 2026A Bonds being
offered or other terms of the Series 2026A Bonds as more fully described in the Detailed Notice of Sale.
The Metropolitan Government expects the sale of the Series 2026A Bonds to satisfy the competitive sale
requirements of applicable Treasury Regulations. In the event that the competitive sale requirements of
applicable Treasury Regulations are not met, the Metropolitan Government will require bidders to comply
with the “hold-the-offering-price rule” for purposes of determining the issue price of the Series 2026A
Bonds.

        The Series 2026A Bonds will be issued in book-entry-only form (except as otherwise set forth in
the Detailed Notice of Sale), and the unqualified approving opinion of Bass, Berry & Sims PLC, Nashville,
Tennessee, Bond Counsel, will be furnished at the expense of the Metropolitan Government. Additional
information pertaining to the Preliminary Official Statement and the Detailed Notice of Sale may be
obtained from Seth Pilkington, Metropolitan Treasurer, 700 President Ronald Reagan Way, Suite 205,
Nashville, Tennessee 37210; (615-862-6154). See “CONTACTS FOR THE SERIES 2026A BONDS”
herein.
                                        Freddie O’Connell, Metropolitan Mayor
________________________________
* Preliminary, subject to change.
                        CONTACTS FOR THE SERIES 2026A BONDS
      The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, Tennessee
                            700 President Ronald Reagan Way, Suite 205
                                    Nashville, Tennessee 38103
                                          (615) 862-6154
Jenneen Reed
  Director of Finance               jenneen.reed@nashville.gov            (615) 862-6771

Seth Pilkington
  Metropolitan Treasurer           seth.pilkington@nashville.gov          (615) 862-6154

Wallace W. Dietz, Esquire
 Director of Law                    wallace.dietz@nashville.gov           (615) 862-6341
                                          _____________
                             Bass, Berry & Sims, PLC, Bond Counsel
                                21 Platform Way South Suite 3500
                                    Nashville, Tennessee 37203
Jeff A. Oldham, Esquire               joldham@bassberry.com               (615) 742-7704
    Member

Lillian M. Blackshear, Esquire       lblackshear@bassberry.com            (615) 742-7902
    Member
                                          _____________
                            Hilltop Securities, Inc., Municipal Advisor
                               717 North Harwood Street, Suite 3400
                                       Dallas, Texas 75201
Steven D. Johnson              steven.d.johnson@hilltopsecurities.com     (214) 953-4005
   Managing Director

Tania Askins                     tania.askins@hilltopsecurities.com       (214) 859-9419
   Managing Director
                                          _____________
                            Carpenter Law, PLLC, Disclosure Counsel
                                   Three Eight Six Beale Street
                                   Memphis, Tennessee 38103
Charles E. Carpenter, Esquire         charlesc@386beale.com                (901) 523-7788
  Managing Member

Corbin I. Carpenter, Esquire          corbinc@386beale.com                 (901) 523-7788
   Managing Member
                                          _____________
                                            PARITY®
Customer Service                                                           (212) 849-5021
                                          _____________
                                        ImageMaster, LLC
Customer Service                                                           (734) 821-2525


                                                 2
                                                          DETAILED NOTICE OF SALE

                                                                          $204,570,000*
  THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY (TENNESSEE)
             GENERAL OBLIGATION IMPROVEMENT BONDS, SERIES 2026A

Bidding Parameters Table**
                                 INTEREST                                                                  PRICING
  Dated Date:                         Delivery Date                                      Maximum Aggregate Bid:
                                                                                                                                        115.5%
  Delivery Date:                             On or around March 5,                       Minimum Aggregate Bid:                         111.5%
                                             2026
  Interest Payment Dates:                    January 1 and July 1                        Maximum Price Per                              122.5%
                                                                                         Maturity:
  First Interest Payment                     July 1, 2026                                Minimum Price Per                              104.0%
  Date:                                                                                  Maturity:
  Coupon Multiples:                          1/8th (0.125%) or 1/20th
                                             (0.050%) of 1%
  Maximum Allowable                          6.00%
  Coupon:
                                                                                                           PROCEDURAL
  Minimum Allowable                          4.00%                                       Sale Date and Time:   February 19, 2026. Bid must
  Coupon:                                                                                                      be received by 9:00 A.M.
                                                                                                               Central Time on the Sale
                                                                                                               Date.
  Maximum TIC:                               4.00%                                       Bid Submissions:      PARITY® only.
                                                                                         All or None:          Yes
                       PRINCIPAL                                                         Bid Award Method:     Lowest True Interest Cost
  Optional Redemption:      The Series 2026A Bonds                                       Bid Confirmation:     E-mail PARITY® report.
                            are not subject to optional
                            redemption prior to
                            maturity.
  Aggregate Principal       + / - 15%                                                    Awarding of Bid:                      Metropolitan Mayor or his
  Increase / Decrease:                                                                                                         designee, not later than
                                                                                                                               6:00PM Central Time on
                                                                                                                               Sale Date
                                                                                         Good Faith Deposit:                   $2,045,700*

  Maximum Aggregate                          Cannot exceed
  Principal Amount:                          $225,000,000.
  Term Bonds:                                Bidders may specify that
                                             the principal amount
                                             coming due in any two or
                                             more consecutive years
                                             may be combined into
                                             one or more term bonds,
                                             with no more than two
                                             term bonds allowed.
______________________________
* Preliminary, subject to change.
** Bidding parameters or any other provision of this Detailed Notice of Sale may be amended by the Metropolitan Government upon no less than forty-eight hours (48)
hours prior notice and communicated through I-dealProspectus.com. If such a change or amendment occurs, bids will be received in accordance with this Detailed
Notice of Sale, as modified by such notice. If numerical or date references contained in the body of this Detailed Notice of Sale conflict with the Bidding Parameters
Table set forth above, then the body of this Detailed Notice of Sale shall control. Prospective bidders must read this Detailed Notice of Sale in its entirety for a detailed
explanation of the items contained in the Bidding Parameters Table, including interpretation of such items and methodologies used to determine such items.


                                                                                     3
Time and Place of Sale

       Notice is hereby given that the Metropolitan Mayor of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville
and Davidson County (Tennessee) (the “Metropolitan Government”) will accept an electronic bid for the
purchase of all, but not less than all, of the Metropolitan Government’s $204,570,000* General Obligation
Improvement Bonds, Series 2026A (the “Series 2026A Bonds”) until:

                9:00 A.M. Central Time on Thursday, February 19, 2026 (the “Sale Date”).

        The sale of all the Series 2026A Bonds on February 19, 2026, may be postponed prior to the time
bids are to be received and as published on I-dealProspectus.com. If such postponement occurs, a later
public sale may be held at the hour and place and on such date as communicated via I-
dealProspectus.com upon forty-eight (48) hours’ notice. The Series 2026A Bonds will be awarded on
such date by the Metropolitan Mayor of the Metropolitan Government.

         Electronic bids must be timely and appropriately submitted to PARITY® via the BiDCOMP
Competitive Bidding System. No other form of bid or provider of electronic bidding services will be
accepted. Such bids are to be publicly available at such time and place on said day. The time as maintained
by BiDCOMP/PARITY® for the electronic bidding process, shall constitute the official time with respect
to all bids submitted. If any provisions of this Detailed Notice of Sale conflict with information provided
by BiDCOMP/PARITY® as the approved provider of electronic bidding services, this Detailed Notice of
Sale shall control.

        After receipt and opening the bids, the Metropolitan Government reserves the right to (i) increase
or decrease the aggregate and annual principal amounts of each maturity of the Series 2026A Bonds being
offered or other terms of the Series 2026A Bonds, or (ii) to cancel the sale of the Series 2026A Bonds after
the bids are opened as more fully described herein. See both “Changes to Maturity Schedule” and
“Revised Maturity Schedule” herein. All capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall
have the meanings assigned thereto in the Preliminary Official Statement.

Description of the Series 2026A Bonds

         The Series 2026A Bonds will be issued in fully registered, book-entry-only form (except as
otherwise provided herein), without coupons, be dated the date of delivery, be issued, or reissued upon
transfer, in $5,000 denominations or integral multiples thereof, as shall be requested by the purchaser or
transferor thereof, as appropriate, and will mature and be payable on January 1 of each year as follows:


                                    Year (January 1)*       Principal Amount *
                                          2028                 $18,555,000
                                          2029                  19,480,000
                                          2030                  20,455,000
                                          2031                  21,475,000
                                          2032                  22,550,000
                                          2033                  23,680,000
                                          2034                  24,860,000
                                          2035                  26,105,000
                                          2036                  27,410,000




* Preliminary, subject to change.



                                                        4
Registration and Depository Participation

         The Series 2026A Bonds will be issued by means of a book-entry-only system with no physical
distribution of Series 2026A Bond certificates made to the public. One Series 2026A Bond certificate for
each maturity will be issued to The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York (“DTC”), and
immobilized in its custody. DTC’s book-entry-only system will evidence beneficial ownership interests of
the Series 2026A Bonds in the principal amount of $5,000 and any integral multiple of $5,000, with
transfers of beneficial ownership interest effected on the records of DTC Participants and, if necessary, in
turn by DTC pursuant to the rules and procedures established by DTC and the DTC Participants. The
successful bidder, as a condition to delivery of the Series 2026A Bonds, shall be required to deposit the
Series 2026A Bond certificates with DTC, registered in the name of Cede & Co., nominee of DTC. Interest
on the Series 2026A Bonds will be payable semi-annually on January 1 and July 1, commencing on July 1,
2026, and principal of the Series 2026A Bonds will be payable, at maturity or upon redemption, to DTC or
its nominee as Registered Owner of the Series 2026A Bonds. Transfer of principal and interest payments
to DTC Participants will be the responsibility of DTC, and transfer of principal and interest payments to
Beneficial Owners of the Series 2026A Bonds by DTC Participants, will be the responsibility of such
participants and of the nominees of Beneficial Owners. The Metropolitan Government will not be
responsible or liable for such transfer of payments or for maintaining, supervising, or reviewing the records
maintained by DTC, any DTC Participants or persons acting through such DTC Participants.

         In the event that the book-entry-only system for the Series 2026A Bonds is discontinued and a
successor securities depository is not appointed by the Metropolitan Government, Series 2026A Bond
Certificates in fully registered form will be delivered to, and registered in the names of, the DTC
Participants or such other persons as such DTC Participants may specify (which may be the Indirect
Participants or Beneficial Owners), in authorized denominations of $5,000 or integral multiples thereof. In
addition, if the successful bidder for the Series 2026A Bonds certifies that it has no present intent to reoffer
the Series 2026A Bonds, the Series 2026A Bonds may be issued in fully registered form only. The
ownership of the Series 2026A Bonds so delivered shall be registered in registration books maintained by
U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as registration and paying agent (the “Registration
Agent”), at its principal corporate office, and the Metropolitan Government and the Registration Agent
shall be entitled to treat the Registered Owners of the Series 2026A Bonds, as their names appear in such
registration books as of the appropriate dates, as the owners thereof for all purposes described herein and
set forth in the Bond Resolution of the Series 2026A Bonds.

Optional Redemption

        The Series 2026A Bonds are not subject to optional redemption prior to maturity.

Mandatory Redemption

         The successful bidder shall have the option to designate certain consecutive serial maturities of the
Series 2026A Bonds as one or more Term Bonds, each Term Bond bearing a single interest rate. If a
successful bidder designates certain consecutive serial maturities to be combined into one or more Term
Bonds, each Term Bond shall be subject to mandatory sinking fund redemption by the Metropolitan
Government at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, together with accrued
interest to the date fixed for redemption at the rate stated in the Term Bonds to be redeemed. Each such
mandatory sinking fund redemption shall be made on the date on which a consecutive maturity included as
part of a Term Bond is payable in accordance with the proposal of the successful bidder for the Series
2026A Bonds and in the amount of the maturing principal installment for the Series 2026A Bonds listed
above for such principal payment date. Term Bonds to be redeemed within a single maturity shall be
determined by DTC, or its successor, by lot or such other manner as DTC, or its successor, shall determine;

                                                       5
or if the Term Bonds are not being held under a Book-Entry System, the Term Bonds within the maturity
to be redeemed shall be selected by the Registration Agent by lot or such other random manner as the
Registration Agent in its discretion shall determine.

Purpose and Authority of the Series 2026A Bonds

         The proceeds of the Series 2026A Bonds will be used to: (i) retire a portion of the outstanding
general obligation commercial paper bond anticipation notes of the Metropolitan Government and (ii) pay
certain costs of issuance related to the Series 2026A Bonds.

         The Series 2026A Bonds are being issued under and in full compliance with the constitution and
statutes of the State of Tennessee, including Tennessee Code Annotated Section 9-21-101 et seq., certain
Initial Resolutions duly adopted by the Metropolitan Council on various dates, and a resolution authorizing
the issuance, sale, and delivery of the Series 2026A Bonds, duly adopted by the Metropolitan Council on
February 3, 2026 (the “Bond Resolution”).

Security and Source of Payment for the Series 2026A Bonds

        The Series 2026A Bonds will be direct obligations of the Metropolitan Government and shall be
payable from unlimited ad valorem taxes to be levied on all taxable property within the Metropolitan
Government. The full faith and credit of the Metropolitan Government are irrevocably pledged for the
timely payment of principal of and interest on the Series 2026A Bonds.

         Under Tennessee law, the Metropolitan Government’s legislative body is authorized to levy a tax
on all taxable property within the Metropolitan Government, or a portion thereof, without limitation as to
rate or amount, and a referendum is neither required nor permitted to set the rate or amount. For a more
complete statement of the general covenants and provisions to which the Series 2026A Bonds are issued,
reference is hereby made to the Bond Resolution.

Submission of Bid

        All bids must be electronic and submitted as set forth herein and more fully described under “Time
and Place of Sale”. Bidders are permitted to submit bids for the Series 2026A Bonds during the bidding
time period, provided they are eligible to bid for the Series 2026A Bonds, as more fully described under
“Eligibility to Bid” herein. The time maintained by BiDCOMP/PARITY® shall constitute the official
time with respect to all bids submitted.

         Bids must be submitted to PARITY® via the BiDCOMP Competitive Bidding System. Each bid
submitted through the facilities of BiDCOMP/PARITY® shall be deemed an offer to purchase in response
to this Detailed Notice of Sale and shall be binding upon the bidder.

        To the extent that any instructions or directions set forth in BiDCOMP/PARITY® conflicts with
any terms and provisions set forth in this Detailed Notice of Sale, this Detailed Notice of Sale shall control.
The Metropolitan Government is not bound by any advice or determination of BiDCOMP/PARITY® as to
whether any bid complies with the terms of this Detailed Notice of Sale.

         Subscription to I-Deal’s BiDCOMP/PARITY® Competitive Bidding System by a bidder is
required in order to submit an electronic bid. The Metropolitan Government will not confirm any
subscription or be responsible for the failure of any prospective bidder to subscribe. The Metropolitan
Government is not liable for any costs incurred in the preparation, delivery, acceptance, or rejection of any
bid, including, without limitation, the providing of a bid security deposit.

                                                      6
         All bids must be unconditional and received by the Office of the Metropolitan Treasurer via
BiDCOMP/PARITY® before the Sale Date as set forth above in the “Bidding Parameters Table”. No
proposal to purchase the Series 2026A Bonds may be withdrawn after the deadline set for receiving bids.
Prior to the deadline set for receiving bids, an eligible prospective bidder may, subject to the limitation
which may be imposed by BiDCOMP/PARITY®, modify the proposed terms of its bid, in which event the
proposed terms as last modified will constitute its bid for the Series 2026A Bonds. At the deadline stated
for receiving bids, the bidding process will close, and each bid shall then constitute an irrevocable offer to
purchase the Series 2026A Bonds on the terms provided in the bid and this Detailed Notice of Sale.

         The Metropolitan Government shall not be responsible for any malfunction or mistake made by or
as a result of the use of electronic bidding facilities. The use of such electronic bidding facilities is at the
sole risk of the bidders. The Metropolitan Government is using electronic bidding as a communications
medium, and BiDCOMP/PARITY® is not acting as the Metropolitan Government’s agent.

Eligibility to Bid

         The Metropolitan Government does not have a registration requirement for prospective bidders.
However, bidders submitting electronic bids must be subscribed customers of I-Deal’s
BiDCOMP/PARITY® Competitive Bidding System and should promptly contact PARITY® directly at
(212) 849-5021 for information regarding its electronic bidding system, including its rules and fees and the
process with becoming a subscribed customer. In the event any bidder desires to submit a bid and is not a
subscribed customer of the I-Deal’s BiDCOMP/PARITY® Competitive Bidding System, such bidder
should contact Hilltop Securities, Inc., the Municipal Advisor of the Metropolitan Government, to arrange
to participate in the bidding process for the Series 2026A Bonds. For their contact information, see
“CONTACTS FOR THE SERIES 2026A BONDS” herein.

        By submitting a bid for the Series 2026A Bonds, each bidder certifies it has an established industry
reputation for underwriting new issuances of municipal bonds. The Metropolitan Government will not
accept bids from firms without an established industry reputation for underwriting new issuances of
municipal bonds.

Form of Bids

         All bids must conform to the requirements set forth in this Detailed Notice of Sale and must be for
not less than all the Series 2026A Bonds. No bid will be considered which does not offer to purchase all
the Series 2026A Bonds. Each bid must specify: (a) an annual rate of interest for each maturity of the Series
2026A Bonds; (b) the reoffering price or yield for each maturity of the Series 2026A Bonds; and (c) a dollar
purchase price for each maturity of the Series 2026A Bonds.

         There will be no limitation on the number of rates of interest which may be specified for the Series
2026A Bonds; however, each bid must specify the rate of interest per annum, none of which shall exceed
6.00% per annum (and no more than one rate of interest), which each maturity of the Series 2026A Bonds
is to bear, to be expressed in the coupon rate multiples as set forth in the “Bidding Parameters Table”
herein. Additionally, each bid must meet the minimum and maximum coupon and pricing criteria as set
forth in the “Bidding Parameters Table” herein. Bidders may designate two or more consecutive serial
maturities as one or more Term Bond maturities equal in aggregate principal amount to, and with mandatory
redemption requirements corresponding to, such designated serial maturities.




                                                       7
Revised Maturity Schedule

         The aggregate principal amount of the Series 2026A Bonds (the “Preliminary Aggregate Principal
Amount”) and the annual principal amounts of Series 2026A Bonds (the “Preliminary Annual Principal
Amounts” and collectively, with reference to the Preliminary Aggregate Principal Amounts, the
“Preliminary Amounts”) set forth in this Detailed Notice of Sale may be revised before the viewing of bids
for the purchase of the Series 2026A Bonds. Any such revisions (the “Revised Aggregate Principal
Amount”, the “Revised Annual Principal Amounts” and the “Revised Amounts”) WILL BE GIVEN BY
NOTIFICATION PUBLISHED ON www.I-dealProspectus.com NOT LATER THAN 4:00 P.M.,
CENTRAL TIME ON THE DAY PRECEDING THE RECEIPT OF BIDS. In the event that no such
revisions are made, the Preliminary Amounts will constitute the Revised Amounts and will remain as stated
in this Detailed Notice of Sale. BIDDERS SHALL SUBMIT BIDS BASED ON THE REVISED
AMOUNTS, IF ANY. Prospective bidders may request notification by electronic mail of any revisions in
the Preliminary Amounts by so advising and sending their electronic mail address to Hilltop Securities Inc.,
Municipal Advisor to the Metropolitan Government, by 12:00 Noon, Central Time, at least one day prior
to the date for receipt of the bids. For the Municipal Advisor’s contact information, see “CONTACTS
FOR THE SERIES 2026A BONDS” herein.

Changes to Maturity Schedule

        The Metropolitan Government reserves the right to change the Revised Aggregate Principal
Amount of the Series 2026A Bonds by not more than 15%, provided that the aggregate principal amount
of the Series 2026A Bonds may not exceed $225,000,000. Such changes, if any, will determine the final
annual principal amounts of the Series 2026A Bonds (the “Final Annual Principal Amounts”) and the final
aggregate principal amount of Series 2026A Bonds (the “Final Aggregate Principal Amount”). The dollar
amount bid by the successful bidder will be adjusted to reflect any adjustments in the Final Aggregate
Principal Amount of the Series 2026A Bonds.

         The Metropolitan Government anticipates that the Final Annual Principal Amounts of the Series
2026A Bonds and the Final Aggregate Principal Amount of the Series 2026A Bonds will be communicated
to the successful bidder prior to the award of the Series 2026A Bonds.

     THE DOLLAR AMOUNT BID BY THE SUCCESSFUL BIDDER FOR THE PURCHASE
OF THE SERIES 2026A BONDS WILL BE ADJUSTED TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN THE
ANNUAL PRINCIPAL AMOUNTS BASED UPON THE ASSUMPTION THAT THE COUPON
RATES, REOFFERING PRICES, AND THE UNDERWRITER’S DISCOUNT (EXCLUDING
ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT/PREMIUM) STATED AS A PERCENTAGE OF THE
AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT, AS SPECIFIED BY THE SUCCESSFUL BIDDER, WILL
NOT CHANGE.

     THE SUCCESSFUL BIDDER MAY NOT WITHDRAW ITS BID OR CHANGE THE
INTEREST RATES BID OR THE INITIAL REOFFERING PRICES AS A RESULT OF ANY
CHANGES MADE TO THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNTS WITHIN THESE LIMITS.

Basis of Award

         The Metropolitan Government expects to award the Series 2026A Bonds to the winning bidder no
later than the Sale Date as set forth herein. If an award is made, the Series 2026A Bonds will be awarded
to the bidder whose bid results in the lowest true interest cost to the Metropolitan Government for the Series
2026A Bonds as determined by reference to the Revised Aggregate Principal Amounts as discussed under
“Revised Maturity Schedule” above. The lowest true interest cost on the Series 2026A Bonds will be

                                                      8
calculated as that rate which when used in computing the present worth of all payments of principal and
interest on the Series 2026A Bonds (compounded semi-annually from the dated date of such Series 2026A
Bonds) produces a yield equal to the purchase price of the Series 2026A Bonds. For the purpose of
calculating the true interest cost, the principal amount of Term Bonds scheduled for mandatory sinking fund
redemption as part of a Term Bond shall be treated as a serial maturity in each year. Each bidder is required
to specify its calculation of the true interest cost resulting from its bid, but such information shall not be
treated as part of its proposal.

       In the event that two or more of the bidders offer to purchase the Series 2026A Bonds thereof at
the same lowest true interest cost, the Metropolitan Mayor shall determine, in the sole discretion of the
Metropolitan Mayor, which of the bidders shall be awarded the Series 2026A Bonds.

Right of Rejection

         The Metropolitan Mayor expressly reserves the right: (a) to waive or reject any irregularity or
informality in any bid; (b) to reject any or all bids, any incomplete bid or any bid not fully complying with
all the requirements of this Detailed Notice of Sale; (c) to solicit new bids or proposals for the sale of the
Series 2026A Bonds; and (d) to otherwise provide for the public sale of the Series 2026A Bonds if all bids
are rejected or the winning bidder defaults. Any notice of rejection of any bid will be made promptly.
Unless all bids are rejected, award of the Series 2026A Bonds will be made by the Metropolitan Mayor on
the Sale Date as set forth in this Detailed Notice of Sale.

Good Faith Deposit

        The successful bidder will be required to submit a good faith deposit (the “Deposit”) in the amount
of $2,045,700 * for the Series 2026A Bonds. The Deposit shall be provided in the form of a federal funds
wire transfer submitted to the Metropolitan Government by the successful bidder by 3:00 p.m. Central Time
on the Sale Date, provided the Metropolitan Government awards the bid by 2:00 p.m. Central Time;
otherwise the wire shall be received not later than 12:00 noon Central Time on the next business day
following the award. The Metropolitan Mayor reserves the right to adjust the time the deposit is to be
received if there are problems with electronic transfers of funds or other acceptable reasons.

        Wire transfer instructions shall be submitted to the successful bidder. In the event the successful
bidder fails to timely submit the Deposit, the award may be terminated by the Metropolitan Mayor, and the
Metropolitan Mayor, in the discretion of the Metropolitan Mayor, may award the Series 2026A Bonds to
the bidder whose bid results in the next lowest true interest cost to the Metropolitan Government as the
lowest complying bidder or hold a subsequent sale of the Series 2026A Bonds. The Metropolitan
Government shall have no liability to any bidder who fails to properly and timely submit a Deposit.

         The Deposit of the successful bidder will be deposited by the Metropolitan Government and the
proceeds thereof credited with no interest allowed thereon against the total purchase price to be paid for the
Series 2026A Bonds upon their delivery or retained as and for full liquidated damages if the successful
bidder fails to accept delivery of and pay for the Series 2026A Bonds. If a successful bidder fails to timely
make the Deposit for the Series 2026A Bonds, the award may be terminated in the discretion of the
Metropolitan Mayor and the Metropolitan Government shall be entitled to an amount equal to the Deposit
as liquidated damages for failure of the successful bidder to comply with the terms of the award of the
Series 2026A Bonds.



* Preliminary, subject to change.



                                                      9
     SUBMISSION OF A BID TO PURCHASE THE SERIES 2026A BONDS SHALL
CONSTITUTE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF THE GOOD
FAITH DEPOSIT REQUIREMENTS SET FORTH IN THIS DETAILED NOTICE OF SALE,
INCLUDING THE PAYMENT OF LIQUIDATED DAMAGES TO THE METROPOLITAN
GOVERNMENT.

CUSIP Numbers

        The Metropolitan Government’s Municipal Advisor will request that the CUSIP Service Bureau
assign CUSIP identification numbers to the Series 2026A Bonds, which numbers will be printed on the
Series 2026A Bonds. The winning bidder will be responsible for the costs associated with assigning CUSIP
numbers to the Series 2026A Bonds. Neither the failure to print a CUSIP number on any Series 2026A
Bond nor any error with respect thereto shall constitute cause for a failure or refusal by the purchaser thereof
to accept delivery of and pay for the Series 2026A Bonds in accordance with this Detailed Notice of Sale.

Establishment of Issue Price

         General. The winning bidder shall assist the Metropolitan Government in establishing the issue
price of the Series 2026A Bonds as more fully described herein. All actions to be taken by the Metropolitan
Government under this Detailed Notice of Sale to establish the issue price of the Series 2026A Bonds may
be taken on behalf of the Metropolitan Government by the Metropolitan Government’s Municipal Advisor
and any notice or report to be provided to the Metropolitan Government may be provided to the Municipal
Advisor.

        Anticipated Compliance with Competitive Sale Requirements. The Metropolitan Government
anticipates that the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.148-1(f)(3)(i) (defining “competitive sale”
for purposes of establishing the issue price of the Series 2026A Bonds) will apply to the initial sale of the
Series 2026A Bonds (the “competitive sale requirements”) because:

        •        the Metropolitan Government shall disseminate this Detailed Notice of Sale to potential
                 underwriters in a manner that is reasonably designed to reach potential underwriters;

        •        all bidders shall have an equal opportunity to bid;

        •        the Metropolitan Government expects to receive bids for the Series 2026A Bonds from at
                 least three (3) underwriters of municipal bonds who have established industry reputations
                 for underwriting new issuances of municipal bonds; and

        •        the Metropolitan Government anticipates awarding the Series 2026A Bonds to the bidder
                 who submits a firm offer to purchase the Series 2026A Bonds at the highest price (or lowest
                 interest cost), as set forth in this Detailed Notice of Sale.

        Any bid submitted pursuant to this Notice of Sale shall be considered a firm offer for the purchase
of the Series 2026A Bonds, as specified in the bid.

         Metropolitan Government Intention to Apply the Hold-the-Offering-Price Rule if Competitive Sale
Requirements Are Not Met. In the event that the competitive sale requirements are not satisfied with respect
to the Series 2026A Bonds, the Metropolitan Government intends to treat the initial offering prices of the
Series 2026A Bonds to the public as the issue price of the Series 2026A Bonds (the “hold-the-offering-
price rule”), in each case applied on a maturity-by-maturity basis (and if different interest rates apply within

                                                      10
a maturity, to each separate CUSIP number within that maturity). Bids will not be subject to cancellation
in the event that the competitive sale requirements are not satisfied. Bidders should prepare their bids on
the assumption that the Series 2026A Bonds will be subject to the hold-the-offering-price rule in order to
establish the issue price of the Series 2026A Bonds.

         Application of the Hold-the-Offering-Price Rule. If the competitive sale requirements are not
satisfied with respect to the Series 2026A Bonds, then the winning bidder shall (i) confirm that the
underwriters have offered or will offer the Series 2026A Bonds to the public on or before the date of award
at the offering price or prices (the “initial offering price”), or at the corresponding yield or yields, set forth
in the bid submitted by the winning bidder and (ii) agree, on behalf of the underwriters participating in the
purchase of the Series 2026A Bonds, that the underwriters will neither offer nor sell unsold Series 2026A
Bonds of any maturity to which the hold-the-offering-price rule shall apply to any person at a price that is
higher than the initial offering price to the public during the period starting on the sale date and ending on
the earlier of the following:

        •        the close of the fifth (5th) business day after the sale date; or

        •        the date on which the underwriters have sold at least ten percent (10%) of that maturity of
                 the Series 2026A Bonds to the public at a price that is no higher than the initial offering
                 price to the public.

        In the event the hold-the-offering-price rule applies, the winning bidder shall promptly advise the
Metropolitan Government when the underwriters have sold ten percent (10%) of that maturity of the Series
2026A Bonds to the public at a price that is no higher than the initial offering price to the public, if that
occurs prior to the close of the fifth (5th) business day after the sale date.

          The Metropolitan Government acknowledges that, in making the representations set forth above,
the successful bidder will rely on (i) the agreement of each underwriter to comply with the requirements
for establishing the issue price of the Series 2026A Bonds, including, but not limited to, its agreement to
comply with the hold-the-offering-price rule, if applicable, as set forth in an agreement among underwriters
and the related pricing wires, (ii) in the event a selling group has been created in connection with the initial
sale of the Series 2026A Bonds to the public, the agreement of each dealer who is a member of the selling
group to comply with the requirements for establishing the issue price of the Series 2026A Bonds,
including, but not limited to, its agreement to comply with the hold-the-offering-price rule, if applicable, as
set forth in a selling group agreement and the related pricing wires, and (iii) in the event that an underwriter
or dealer who is a member of the selling group is a party to a third-party distribution agreement that was
employed in connection with the initial sale of the Series 2026A Bonds to the public, the agreement of each
broker-dealer that is a party to such agreement to comply with the requirements for establishing the issue
price of the Series 2026A Bonds, including, but not limited to, its agreement to comply with the hold-the-
offering-price rule, if applicable, as set forth in the third-party distribution agreement and the related pricing
wires. The Metropolitan Government further acknowledges that each underwriter shall be solely liable for
its failure to comply with its agreement regarding the requirements for establishing the issue price of the
Series 2026A Bonds, including, but not limited to, its agreement to comply with the hold-the-offering-price
rule, if applicable, and that no underwriter shall be liable for the failure of any other underwriter, or of any
dealer who is a member of a selling group, or of any broker-dealer that is a party to a third-party distribution
agreement to comply with its corresponding agreement to comply with the requirements for establishing
the issue price of the Series 2026A Bonds, including, but not limited to, its agreement to comply with the
hold-the-offering-price rule, if applicable to the Series 2026A Bonds.

        By submitting a bid, each bidder confirms that:


                                                       11
         (i) any agreement among underwriters, any selling group agreement and each third-party
distribution agreement (to which the bidder is a party) relating to the initial sale of the Series 2026A Bonds
to the public, together with the related pricing wires, contains or will contain language obligating each
underwriter, each dealer who is a member of the selling group, and each broker-dealer that is a party to
such third-party distribution agreement, as applicable, to:

                 (A) (1) report the prices at which it sells to the public any unsold Series 2026A Bonds of
        each maturity allocated to it to which the hold-the-offering-price rule applies until the close of the
        fifth (5th) business day after the sale date; and (2) comply with the hold-the-offering-price rule, if
        applicable, if and for so long as directed by the successful bidder and as set forth in the related
        pricing wires;

                  (B) promptly notify the successful bidder of any sales of the Series 2026A Bonds that, to
        its knowledge, are made to a purchaser who is a related party to an underwriter participating in the
        initial sale of the Series 2026A Bonds to the public; and

                 (C) acknowledge that, unless otherwise advised by the underwriter, dealer or broker-dealer,
        the successful bidder shall assume that each order submitted by the underwriter, dealer or broker-
        dealer is a sale to the public.

          (ii) any agreement among underwriters or selling group agreement relating to the initial sale of the
Series 2026A Bonds to the public, together with the related pricing wires, contains or will contain language
obligating each underwriter or dealer that is a party to a third-party distribution agreement to be employed
in connection with the initial sale of the Series 2026A Bonds to the public to require each broker-dealer
that is a party to such third-party distribution agreement to (A) report the prices at which it sells to the public
the unsold Series 2026A Bonds of each maturity allocated to it to which the hold-the-offering-price rule
applies until the close of the fifth (5th) business day after the sale date and (B) comply with the hold-the-
offering-price rule, if applicable, if and for so long as directed by the successful bidder or the underwriter
and as set forth in the related pricing wires.

        Definitions. Sales of any Series 2026A Bonds to any person that is a related party to an underwriter
shall not constitute sales to the public for purposes of this Notice of Sale. Further, for purposes of this
Notice of Sale:

        •        “public” means any person other than an underwriter or a related party;

        •        “underwriter” means (A) any person that agrees pursuant to a written contract with the
                 Metropolitan Government (or with the lead underwriter to form an underwriting syndicate)
                 to participate in the initial sale of the Series 2026A Bonds to the public and (B) any person
                 that agrees pursuant to a written contract directly or indirectly with a person described in
                 clause (A) to participate in the initial sale of the Series 2026A Bonds to the public
                 (including a member of a selling group or a party to a third-party distribution agreement
                 participating in the initial sale of the Series 2026A Bonds to the public);

        •        a purchaser of any of the Series 2026A Bonds is a “related party” to an underwriter if the
                 underwriter and the purchaser are subject, directly or indirectly, to (i) more than fifty
                 percent (50%) common ownership of the voting power or the total value of their stock, if
                 both entities are corporations (including direct ownership by one corporation of another),
                 (ii) more than fifty percent (50%) common ownership of their capital interests or profits
                 interests, if both entities are partnerships (including direct ownership by one partnership of
                 another), or (iii) more than fifty percent (50%) common ownership of the value of the

                                                        12
                outstanding stock of the corporation or the capital interests or profit interests of the
                partnership, as applicable, if one entity is a corporation and the other entity is a partnership
                (including direct ownership of the applicable stock or interests by one entity of the other);
                and

        •       “sale date” means the date that the Series 2026A Bonds are awarded by the Metropolitan
                Government to the winning bidder.

      Issue Price Certificate. The winning bidder will be required to provide the Metropolitan
Government, at closing, with an issue price certificate consistent with the foregoing.

Compliance with Securities and Exchange Commission and Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board

         The successful bidder agrees to take any and all other actions necessary to comply with applicable
rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board
(the “MSRB”) governing the offering, sale and delivery of the Series 2026A Bonds, including without
limitation the payment of any fees or charges required to be paid by the MSRB or the Securities Industry
and Financial Market Association in connection with the purchase or sale of the Series 2026A Bonds.

Blue Sky Laws

         The Metropolitan Government has not taken any action relating to the requirements of the securities
or “blue sky” laws of any jurisdiction with respect to the offer and sale of the Series 2026A Bonds. Certain
jurisdictions may have filing requirements which must be satisfied prior to any offer or sale of the Series
2026A Bonds to the public within that jurisdiction.

Preliminary Official Statement

         The Metropolitan Government has authorized the preparation and distribution of the Preliminary
Official Statement, which it has “deemed final” (except for permitted omissions) for purposes of Rule 15c2-
12 of the Securities and Exchange Commission, as promulgated pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (“Rule 15c2-12”).

        The Preliminary Official Statement and this Detailed Notice of Sale will be available electronically
at www.munios.com. Assistance in obtaining the documents will be available from ImageMaster or from
Hilltop Securities, Inc., Municipal Advisor to the Metropolitan Government. For their contact information,
see “CONTACTS FOR THE SERIES 2026A BONDS” herein.

      THIS DETAILED NOTICE OF SALE IS NOT INTENDED TO BE A DISCLOSURE
DOCUMENT AND, ALTHOUGH BEING DELIVERED TO INVESTORS SIMULTANEOUSLY
WITH THE PRELIMINARY OFFICIAL STATEMENT, SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO BE PART
OF THE PRELIMINARY OFFICIAL STATEMENT. ALL BIDDERS MUST REVIEW THE
PRELIMINARY OFFICIAL STATEMENT AND WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE
ACKNOWLEDGED THAT THEY HAVE DONE SO PRIOR TO PARTICIPATING IN THE
BIDDING PROCESS FOR THE SERIES 2026A BONDS. IN THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICT
BETWEEN THE STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN THE PRELIMINARY OFFICIAL
STATEMENT AND IN THIS DETAILED NOTICE OF SALE, THE STATEMENTS CONTAINED
IN THE PRELIMINARY OFFICIAL STATEMENT SHALL CONTROL.




                                                     13
Final Official Statement

      The Preliminary Official Statement, when amended to reflect the results of the sale of the Series
2026A Bonds and other information, will constitute a “Final Official Statement” with respect to the Series
2026A Bonds, as that term is defined in Rule 15c2-12.

         The Metropolitan Government will deliver to the successful bidder of the Series 2026A Bonds a
certificate executed by an authorized official of the Metropolitan Government, dated the date of delivery of
the Series 2026A Bonds, stating that as of the date thereof, to the best of the knowledge and belief of said
official of the Metropolitan Government, the Final Official Statement does not contain an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statement made, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

        Additionally, the Metropolitan Government will provide or cause to be provided, to the successful
bidder, either in electronic format or printed copies, the Final Official Statement sufficient in quantity to
enable the successful bidder to comply with Rule 15c2-12 and the rules of the MSRB. The Final Official
Statements will be provided to the successful bidder not later than seven (7) business days after the Sale
Date, or, if the Metropolitan Government, or its Municipal Advisor, is notified that any confirmation
requesting payment from any customer will be sent before the expiration of such period and specifying the
date such confirmation will be sent, then the Final Official Statements will be provided in sufficient time
to accompany such confirmation.

     THE SUCCESSFUL BIDDER SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR DISTRIBUTING COPIES
OF THE FINAL OFFICIAL STATEMENT TO THE OTHER UNDERWRITERS IN ITS
UNDERWRITING SYNDICATE, IF ANY, AND AGREES THAT DELIVERY OF THE FINAL
OFFICIAL STATEMENTS TO IT AS AFORESAID SATISFIES THE METROPOLITAN
GOVERNMENT’S OBLIGATIONS UNDER RULE 15c2-12 TO DELIVER FINAL OFFICIAL
STATEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO THE SERIES 2026A BONDS.

Continuing Disclosure

        In connection with the issuance of the Series 2026A Bonds and in order to assist the underwriters
of the Series 2026A Bonds in complying with Rule 15c2-12, the Metropolitan Government,
contemporaneously with the issuance of the Series 2026A Bonds, will enter into a Continuing Disclosure
Agreement (the “Continuing Disclosure Agreement”) for the benefit of the owners of the Series 2026A
Bonds, under which the Metropolitan Government will provide certain continuing disclosure with respect
to the Series 2026A Bonds. The Metropolitan Government will engage Digital Assurance Certification,
L.L.C. (“DAC”) to serve as initial dissemination agent in connection with the Metropolitan Government’s
Continuing Disclosure Agreement.

         The Metropolitan Government, as an “obligated person” under Rule 15c2-12(b)(5), will enter into
the Continuing Disclosure Agreement to provide: (a) certain financial information and operating data
relating to the Metropolitan Government and the Series 2026A Bonds not later than twelve months after
each of the Metropolitan Government’s fiscal years (the “Annual Comprehensive Financial Report”); and
(b) notice of the occurrence of certain enumerated events (each a “Listed Event Notice”).

         The Annual Comprehensive Financial Report (and audited financial statements, if filed separately)
and each Listed Event Notice, if applicable, will be filed by the Metropolitan Government with the MSRB
on the Electronic Municipal Market Access system (“EMMA”), a service of the MSRB at emma.msrb.com
and with any State Information Depository hereafter established in the State of Tennessee (the “SID”). The
specific nature of the information to be contained in the Annual Comprehensive Financial Report or the

                                                     14
Listed Event Notices will be summarized in the Metropolitan Government’s Final Official Statement to be
prepared and distributed in connection with the sale of the Series 2026A Bonds.

         DAC has been engaged by the Metropolitan Government to review and prepare a report on its
compliance with its continuing disclosure undertakings with respect to its bonds during the last five years.
Prospective bidders may obtain access to DAC’s report on its website by sending a written request via email
to support@dacbond.com, referencing the Series 2026A Bonds in the email subject line, by no later than
12:00 noon Central time on February 18, 2026. DAC will then provide those bidders access to its online
report. The Metropolitan Government can give no assurance as to the timeliness with which DAC will
provide access to the report online or that the procedures performed by DAC in developing the report are
sufficient for any purpose.

Ratings for the Series 2026A Bonds

         Moody’s Ratings, S&P Global Ratings and Kroll Bond Rating Agency (together the “Rating
Agencies”), have each assigned ratings of “Aa2” (stable outlook), “AA+” (stable outlook) and “AA+”
(stable outlook), respectively, in connection with the issuance and sale of the Series 2026A Bonds. The
ratings, including any related outlook with respect to potential changes in such ratings, reflect only the
respective views of the Rating Agencies, and the Metropolitan Government makes no representation as to
the appropriateness of these ratings. The Metropolitan Government is not required to maintain a specified
rating with respect to the Series 2026A Bonds.

        Any explanation of the significance of such ratings may be obtained from the Rating Agencies
furnishing the ratings at the following addresses: Moody’s Ratings, Inc., 7 World Trade Center at 250
Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10007; S&P Global Ratings, 55 Water Street, New York, New
York 10041 and Kroll Bond Rating Agency, 805 Third Avenue, 29th Floor, New York, NY 10022.

        The Metropolitan Government furnished certain information and materials to the Rating Agencies,
some of which may not have been included in the Final Official Statement, relating to the Metropolitan
Government and its outstanding debt. Generally, a rating agency bases its rating on the information and
materials furnished to it and on investigations, studies, and assumptions of its own.

          There is no assurance that such ratings will remain unchanged for any given period of time or that
the ratings will not be revised downward or withdrawn entirely by the Rating Agencies furnishing the same,
if, in their judgment, circumstances so warrant. Any such downward revision or withdrawal of such ratings
or other actions taken by the Rating Agencies, or any other rating agency, may have an adverse impact on
the liquidity or market price of the Series 2026A Bonds. The Metropolitan Government has not undertaken
any responsibility to oppose any such revision, suspension, or withdrawal.

Legal Opinions; Bond Transcript; Closing Certificates

         The book-entry-only Series 2026A Bonds and the unqualified approving opinion of Bass, Berry &
Sims PLC, Nashville, Tennessee, Bond Counsel (which will be delivered with the Series 2026A Bonds),
together with the Series 2026A Bonds final transcript, including a certificate as to no-litigation executed by
the Director of Law of the Metropolitan Government and other customary closing certificates, all to be
dated as of the date of the delivery of the Series 2026A Bonds, will be furnished to the purchaser at the
expense of the Metropolitan Government. As set forth in the Final Official Statement and subject to the
limitations set forth therein, the opinion of Bond Counsel will include an opinion that (i) based on existing
law and assuming compliance with certain tax covenants of the Metropolitan Government, interest on the
Series 2026A Bonds is excludable from gross income for federal income tax purposes under Section 103
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and is not an item of tax preference for

                                                     15
purposes of the federal alternative minimum tax imposed on individuals; however, such interest on the
Series 2026A Bonds may be taken into account for the purpose of computing the alternative minimum tax
imposed on certain corporations, and (ii) under existing Tennessee law, the Series 2026A Bonds and the
income therefrom will be exempt from all state, county and municipal taxation in the State of Tennessee,
except Tennessee franchise and excise taxes. Owners of the Series 2026A Bonds may be subject to certain
additional taxes or tax consequences arising with respect to ownership of the Series 2026A Bonds. For a
discussion thereof, see the information set forth under the caption “TAX MATTERS” in the Preliminary
Official Statement and see the “FORM OF OPINION BOND COUNSEL” attached as an appendix thereto.

        Also, at the time of delivery of the Series 2026A Bonds, the Metropolitan Government will deliver
to the successful bidder, at the expense of the Metropolitan Government, the opinion of Carpenter Law,
PLLC, Nashville, Tennessee, Disclosure Counsel to the Metropolitan Government, which Disclosure
Counsel has advised the Metropolitan Government on various matters relating to disclosure for the issuance
of the Series 2026A Bonds.

Delivery and Payment

         The Series 2026A Bonds are expected to be ready for delivery within forty-five (45) days after the
sale thereof, in book-entry-only form. At least five (5) days’ notice will be given to the bidder. Delivery
will be made through DTC at the expense of the purchaser. Payment of the balance of the purchase price
for the Series 2026A Bonds, after application of the Deposit, must be made in federal funds or other legal
tender immediately available to the Metropolitan Government at the time of delivery of the Series 2026A
Bonds and in accordance with instructions to be given to the purchaser by the Metropolitan Government.
Any expenses incurred in providing immediate funds, whether by transfer of federal funds or otherwise,
will be borne by the successful bidder.

Bidder Certification Regarding Non-Engagement in a Boycott of Israel

To the extent an accepted bid constitutes a contract to acquire or dispose of services, supplies, information
technology, or construction for purpose of Tennessee Code Annotated Section 12-4-119, by submitting a
bid each bidder certifies that it (including its wholly-owned subsidiaries, majority-owned subsidiaries,
parent companies, or affiliates, if any) is not currently engaged in, and will not, through the issue date of
the Series 2026A Bonds, engage in, a boycott of Israel. For this purpose, (1) “Israel” means the State of
Israel and Israeli-controlled territories, and (2) a “boycott of Israel” means engaging in refusals to deal,
terminating business activities, or other commercial actions that are intended to limit commercial relations
with Israel, or companies doing business in or with Israel or authorized by, licensed by, or organized under
the laws of the State of Israel to do business, or persons or entities doing business in Israel, when such
actions are taken (i) in compliance with, or adherence to, calls for a boycott of Israel, or (ii) in a manner
that discriminates on the basis of nationality, national origin, religion, or other unreasonable basis, and is
not based on a valid business reason. The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply, and a bidder shall
not be required to provide the certification provided above, if the bidder’s compensation as a result of the
purchase of the Series 2026A Bonds is less than $250,000.

Bidder Certification Regarding Compliance with Iran Divestment Act

Pursuant to Tennessee Code Annotated Section 12-12-111 and to the extent applicable to the activities
contemplated herein, by submission of a bid for the Series 2026A Bonds, each bidder and each person
signing on behalf of any bidder certifies, and in the case of a joint bid each party thereto certifies as to its
own organization, under penalty of perjury, that to the best of its knowledge and belief that each bidder is
not on the list created pursuant to Tennessee Code Annotated Section 12-12-106 (the “Iran Divestment Act
List”). Such Iran Divestment Act List (i) provides a listing of persons determined to be engaging in

                                                      16
investment activities in Iran, as described in Tennessee Code Section 12-12-105, and (ii) can be found
online                     on                   the                  State’s                   website:
https://www.tn.gov/content/dam/tn/generalservices/documents/cpo/library/2025/List_of_persons_pursuan
t_to_Tenn._Code_Ann._12-12-106_Iran_Divestment_Act_updated_with_NY04_15.2025.pdf.

Tennessee Code Annotated Section 12-12-105 provides that “a person engages in investment activities in
Iran if: (1) [t]he person provides goods or services of twenty million dollars ($20,000,000) or more in the
energy sector of Iran, including a person that provides oil or liquefied natural gas tankers, or products used
to construct or maintain pipelines used to transport oil or liquefied natural gas, for the energy sector of Iran;
or (2) [t]he person is a financial institution that extends twenty million dollars ($20,000,000) or more in
credit to another person, for forty-five (45) days or more, if that person will use the credit to provide goods
or services in the energy sector in Iran and is identified on a list, created pursuant to Tennessee Code
Annotated Section 12-12-106, as a person engaging in investment activities in Iran as described in this
section.”

If in any case the bidder cannot make the foregoing certification, in accordance with Tennessee Code
Annotated Section 12-12-111 and to the extent applicable to the activities herein, the bidder shall so state
and shall furnish with the bid a signed statement which sets forth in detail the reasons therefor. The
Metropolitan Government may award the bid to a bidder who cannot make the certification pursuant to
subsection (a), on a case-by-case basis, if: (1) the investment activities in Iran were made before July 1,
2016, the investment activities in Iran have not been expanded or renewed on or after July 1, 2016, and the
person has adopted, publicized, and is implementing a formal plan to cease the investment activities in Iran
and to refrain from engaging in any new investments in Iran; or (2) the Metropolitan Government makes a
determination that the goods or services are necessary for the Metropolitan Government to perform its
functions and that, absent such an exemption, the Metropolitan Government would be unable to obtain the
goods or services for which the contract is offered. Such determination shall be made in writing and shall
be a public document.

Further Information

        The Preliminary Official Statement and this Detailed Notice of Sale may be obtained in electronic
format from www.munios.com. Additional information in connection with the Series 2026A Bonds may
be obtained from Seth Pilkington, Treasurer for the Metropolitan Government, or Hilltop Securities, Inc.,
Municipal Advisor to the Metropolitan Government. Copies of the Preliminary Official Statement may be
obtained from Seth Pilkington, Metropolitan Treasurer, 700 President Ronald Reagan Way, Suite 205,
Nashville, Tennessee 37210 (615-862-6154). For contact information for each of these individuals, see
“CONTACTS FOR THE SERIES 2026A BONDS” herein.



                                       [Signature on Following Page]




                                                       17
        The execution and delivery of this Detailed Notice of Sale, and its distribution and use by potential
bidders in connection with the original public offer, sale, and distribution of the Series 2026A Bonds, have
been duly authorized and approved by the Metropolitan Government.



                                                  THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
                                                  NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY




                                                  By: /s/ Freddie O’Connell
                                                      Freddie O’Connell
                                                      Metropolitan Mayor



Dated: February 11, 2026


49245654.5




                                                     18
